walls for them finding food on the
plains is an even greater challenge not
only as their preys seasonal it's also
hard to find they've been searching for
days without a sign
[Music]
somewhere in this immense landscape
there is food for them
[Music]
this is it terrible
traveling 30 miles a day they can cover
nearly 2,000 miles during the summer
months
the Wolves will starve if they don't
find the caribou but it's no easy task
to locate prey that never stops
traveling
[Music]
biting flies and the quest for new
pasture drives the migration ever
oliver's
[Music]
[Applause]
a wolf has finally picked up the trail
the caribou
Eclipse
at last a chance
the hunt is on
the wolf panics the herd and the
weakened young are singled out
[Music]
a calf is separated from its mother
you